Problems and Solutions Notes

Draw Backwards
    -- Problem
        1. The problem is usually in the mind of the business or in the user.
        2. What are the business leaders thinking about.
        3. The authority of in house design team is sometimes less than external consultant.
        4. Companies have policy written that the company's process ends when the company has done thier last step and not when their customer has finished.
        5. It is common that their is too many steps in a process to get something done.
    -- Solution
        1. They use their inital assesment to build a road map to solving the problems that appeared in the assesment. Starting with some key issues. (Show some cost savings).
        2. Just pointing out what the user is having issues with sometimes solves the problem itself, the comapny can than make informed decisions about how they will solve the problems.

User 1
    -- Problem
        1. Customers dont understand what the true problems are
        2. Easy to get side tracked on lesser problems.
        3. Getting a large team to focus on the most important problem.
        4. Getting that large team to prioritize their tasks.
    -- Solution
        1. It depends, Good leadership or establishing good leadership to accomplish the goals of the project
        2. Getting people on the same train or agree upon the same goals.

Zion & Zion
    -- Problem
        1. Considering how their website responds to the mobile user
        2. Getting the design team qualified to make their own decisions for a smoother and more efficient transaction.
        3. Handing of products to the customers for them to maintain on their own, thus including training.
        4. Determining what they determine to be success and what their customer determines to be successful.
    -- Solution
        1. Empathy interviews to better understand the end user before even touvhing the site.
        2. Dont just ask what you want the site to show you but walk them through the experience of using the site and what they were expecting to find and what emotions they were expressing.
        This is called a story telling approach.
        3. You don't get to the why without the empathy interview.

Discussion Response

What were the typical problems they encountered?

Some of the typical problems experienced by all of the companies was determining the root of the issues and not the issues themselves. Tha later on the comapnies all seemed to have problems getting the customers that they are working for to also see these issues and work together as a team to solve one issue at a time.

Are there any similarities in their answers?

Their were similarities in the answers between the companies, they all are in the business of finding the root of the issues that the user is experiencing and solving that versus the individual issues themselves.

Was there anything unexpected in the answers?

I found that the empathy or story telling interviews to be an unexpected way to get the user's true feelings about a site and their experience with it.

How would each problem be overcome?

Most of these problem could be overcome by doing the research ahead of time. This research will lead your team to the root of the issues, either through anaylytics or customer interviews. The issues of getting the customers focused on the specific goals were usually solved through strong leadership within the customer's company or strong leadership provided by the UX company itself.
